hey
welcome to West Virginia no joke this is
wheeling in the northern panhandle of
west virginia along the Ohio River I
think we're not give it enough credit
for being technologically advanced you
know I think we do have do have all the
amenities that people don't expect once
they get here
whelans the original gateway to the west
and the first city in America to have
electric driven streetcars today a trip
up the hill to point overlook museum
gives you a spectacular view of the
valley on wheeling island is wheeling
down one of only some 40 greyhound
racing tracks in the country there
aren't any in Ohio EPA a dodge reach
speeds of 40 miles per hour their glare
catch the mechanical rabbit spunky your
goal win money or just have fun that's
what awesome times john and carol wires
say they've been doing one day year the
last 35 years for vacation type thing we
don't like to travel far and so this is
our one day vacations then we take
inside is an air-conditioned clubhouse
and terrorist dining room you have to be
18 years old to bed and minors need
parental supervision you can put down as
little as two dollars also inside is
off-track betting thoroughbred racing
from all over the country in a video
lottery parlor nobody under 18 is
allowed in 700 video lottery machines
have produced more than 130 million
dollars in whinnies this year alone now
if you're bored not doing well losing a
lot you can always turn on a TV on this
video machine and watch any station you
want that includes channel 33 Len wrong
the TV isn't your idea of vacation
tri-oval Bay Resort and Conference
Center Ogilvie is three public golf
courses and you obviously don't have to
be good to play a fourth course designed
by golfing legend Arnold Palmer is
currently under construction
overly Park is free and open to the
public so is waddington garden 16 acres
of flowers it's only a two-hour drive to
Wheeling take Route 11 South follow the
signs to route 7 through Steubenville
get off at the Bridgeport exit turn left
at the traffic light that's the wheeling
island bridge for more information call
the wheeling convention Visitors Bureau
1 808 to 8 30 9 7 Steve Fortunato 33
Eyewitness News